[indistinct chatter]
[gasps]
Good morning, grandson.
Rise and shine.
[gasps] G-Grandpa?
When'd you get back?
Wait, what happened to me?
And why can't I move my body?
Now, now,
just try to remain calm.
[groans softly]
You're really back?
[SULLIVAN]
Hmm.
[IRUMA]
And Kiriwo?
Oh, him. Well, he was
very calm, really.
[groans]
[IRUMA, ASMODEUS AND CLARA]
"I Wanna Pick Everything Up."
[NARRATOR]
Let's turn the clock back
to the minutes before
the fireworks went off.
[IRUMA grunts]
He should be here
right behind this wall.
[KALEGO AND ROBIN panting]
Cerberobuth, now.
[panting continues]
[NARRATOR]
At the time,
Kalego and Robin
were on the rooftop.
[ROBIN]
Ready.
[NARRATOR] The Balse family's
bloodline ability,
Bullseye Shot.
Alright, I'm locked on.
[screeches]
[NARRATOR]
Once fired, the arrow's path
cannot be blocked by anyone,
and it will always hit
the center of
its target perfectly.
Hmm?
Lord Sullivan,
are you playing, or aren't you?
[ALL yelp]
[SULLIVAN]
"To the director," eh?
-Ciao.
-[OFFICER] Wait, wait, wait!
[IRUMA]
I'm sorry, Grandpa.
This spell will unleash
the magic's full power at once.
[IRUMA]
I'm gonna break my promise.
Pandaroola!
♪
[ALL]
Eight, seven, six, five...
...three, two, one, zero!
[STUDENTS cheering]
♪
[ALL gasp]
[BOY]
Wow!
What was that?
I've never seen that!
-It bloomed!
-We did it, master.
[SULLIVAN]
Hmm?
Hmm?!
-Did you see?
-That was so devi cool.
Devi wowie.
Was that for real
or did just I dream it?
Like the brilliance of love.
Love I witnessed
that one summer day.
[RAIM pants]
Whoa, what is that?
This is very bad.
[MAN] This year's surprise
is something else.
-Iruma-kins!
-[ASMODEUS chuckles]
[chuckles] High five.
[SULLIVAN]
Hmph!
[grunts]
♪
-[ALL cheering]
-[BOY] Fantastic!
[GIRL]
Amazing!
[cheering continues]
[chuckles]
[grunts]
[roars]
[yells]
[grunts]
Hmm!
Silence!
Kiriwo Amy, you're under arrest.
[indistinct chatter]
[BOY] That was awesome.
What would you even call 'em?
No need for all this fuss.
I'm not goin' anywhere.
Did you really plan this
diabolical scheme by yourself?
Yes.
It's been my biggest dream
for many years.
But I don't regret anything
that happened tonight.
In the moment when everything
I'd worked so hard for
came crashin' down
all around me,
my look of despair
wasn't half bad,
In fact, it looked
almost beautiful.
[ALL grunt]
Wowie. I love the looks
on all your faces.
Could you tell Iruma
something for me?
"It's a shame the chaos
will have to wait,
"but I still truly
had lots of fun.
Let's play again
sometime, 'kay?"
[SULLIVAN]
Hmm.
[HENRI scoffs]
[HENRI]
So that's Iruma.
[AMERI panting]
Father, please tell me
exactly what happened.
What did
third-year Kiriwo Amy do?
We'll speak later.
Back to our origins.
-[SULLIVAN] Everyone!
-[ALL] Huh?
Thank you for protecting
the students so bravely.
-[SULLIVAN chuckles]
-[KALEGO grunts]
You were even
cooler than cool, Kalego sir.
Newbie, you'll assist me now.
Remember,
former acting chair demon?
♪
Iruma, I will concede
defeat this time.
But remember this.
Malice is hidden in plain sight
and it's all around us.
Some like me
want to return to basics,
so you be careful now.
[groans softly]
Good morning, grandson.
Rise and shine.
[gasps] G-Grandpa?
When'd you get back?
Wait, what happened to me?
And why can't I move my body?
Now, now,
just try to remain calm.
[gasps] Hmm. Huh?
You're really back?
[SULLIVAN]
Hmm.
[IRUMA]
And Kiriwo?
Oh, him.
Well, he was very calm, really.
[IRUMA]
What?
[SULLIVAN] He was taken in
by Demon Border Control.
They're going to have
a hard time interrogating him.
What happens
when they catch you?
[SULLIVAN] Well, he'll be
punished one way or another
but there were no casualties,
so the penalty'll
probably be light.
[sighs in relief]
That said, a crime is a crime,
and those who caused it
must take responsibility.
[gasps]
[IRUMA]
Uh, hey, I--
[SULLIVAN]
You need to understand
the gravity and significance
of what you did.
[IRUMA]
Oh, now I'm gonna get it.
[cheering]
Huh? What the...
[cheering continues]
Take a good look.
The true highlight
of this year's surprise show,
those mind-blowing
flowers of light,
were planned
by the honor student Iruma!
[cheering]
-Why are they--
-Just wave.
They're really hyped up for you,
so show them some love.
Your fireworks moved them
to their very cores.
They did?
Iruma.
Ameri.
[gasps]
I have to tell you, Iruma.
Truly, you never
cease to astonish me.
Those fireworks
were simply splendid.
Ah!
But even so,
a little forewarning
would have been nice!
Didn't we agree
to watch them together?
Huh? When did we...
[BOY 1]
That was devi pretty!
[BOY 2]
Fireworks are amazing.
[GIRL]
Yeah, how do you make 'em?
[BOY 3]
I still can't get over it.
[gasps happily]
-Now, address them.
-Huh?!
So what battler
are you guys part of?
[whines nervously]
Well, we're the, um...
[BOY 1]
Whoa, he talked.
Magical Apparatus Battler.
[BOY 2]
You mean the Storage Battler?
[BOY 3]
Seriously?
[BOY 4]
That's Asmodeus's battler.
As for us,
we are first-years
Asmodeus Alice, uh,
plus Clara Valac, and me.
Also... Kiriwo.
It was the four of us.
[ALL gasp in awe]
But they ended up
bigger than we expected.
Sorry about that.
-It's okay, we were fine.
-Yeah, that was so fun.
-Show us something else!
-[EIKO] Iruma.
Iru...
Master Iruma.
Iruma-kins!
Azz. Clara. Hey!
[CLARA]
You did it, Iruma-kins.
[ASMODEUS]
That was splendid.
-[CLARA chuckling]
-[IRUMA] Thank you both.
[KIRIWO] Malice can be
hidden in plain sight.
How did those barriers
come to be? Was it Kiriwo?
Hey, where did
Kiriyan go, anyway?
Oh, well, the thing is
Kiriwo was...
-Let's just say he's gone.
-[ASMODEUS AND CLARA] Huh?
But how come?
And where exactly
did he have to go?
[IRUMA] Even if you were
a terrifying demon,
the time we spent together
was fun, truly.
I'll never forget it.
I... I'll tell you
everything later.
Now, let's enjoy the party, huh?
-'Kay.
-Sure.
[IRUMA] I really do wanna
pick everything up, Kiriwo.
Watch, you'll see.
[NARRATOR] The MagiApp Battler's
fireworks show was a success,
and the Party Day
had the perfect start.
[BOY] Okay, you rowdy lot,
it's time to party!
[ALL cheering]
♪
Figures. I guess
the fun will have to wait.
Ha.
♪
[IRUMA, ASMODEUS AND CLARA]
"Family Time."
[indistinct chatter]
[GIRL 1] I'll have
a demon sandwich, please.
[BOY 1]
This is delish!
[GIRL 2]
Come check out our battler.
[BOY 2]
Come one, come all.
[NARRATOR]
Over both days of the party,
students and teachers take
to rating the battler exhibits.
The students can vote
for any battlers they like,
the exception being their own.
But the most important point
of all is that
the students' parents
also attend Party Day.
[IRUMA]
All done.
Now we just have to
launch the fireworks
according to the schedule.
Shall we go check out
some other battlers
while we wait?
That sounds good.
And these outfits Clara made
can be like our billboards.
Hey, Clara, do you
wanna come with...
-[IRUMA gasps]
-[CLARA grunts]
How many Claras are there?
[ASMODEUS whimpers]
All the Valacs are here.
Eldest daughter, Clara.
Second son, Konchie.
The third son, Keebow.
First son, Urala.
[in unison]
We're the youngest pipsqueaks.
And I'm their Mommy.
[in unison]
Packed with love and affection,
the Valacs are on the scene!
-[ASMODEUS grunts in annoyance]
-Wow. You're so alike.
-Yay, we nailed it.
-Yeah. Check it out.
Bro, bro, bro.
[KONCHIE] I hear you're
the top of the first-year class?
-[ASMODEUS] Huh?
-Come on.
Let's see how tough you are.
Take that. And that.
You like that, huh?
Thank you
for taking care of Clara.
Sweet boys.
We're taking care
of her, alright.
You've both been
such good friends to her.
Are you hungry at all?
I'll put some candy
in your pockets.
I have toys, too, but it's
one per kid, so don't fight.
When Clara was much younger,
she'd always sneeze candy
out of her pockets.
Everyone nearly drowned
in a sea of candy.
[chuckling]
[upbeat music playing]
[ASMODEUS]
Huh?
[BOTH]
Wait, what?
♪
[singing in Japanese]
[CLARA]
We are off!
[BOTH groan questioningly]
Azz, was that real life?
I propose that we look around
more quietly, Iru--
-[WOMAN] Found you.
-[gasps]
[singsongy]
Oh, Alice!
Alice? [gasps]
Azz?
-[screams]
-Sheesh.
It was so mean of you
to leave me behind, Alice.
I had to drop
all my work to rush here.
The least you could have done
was escort me onto the grounds.
Why are you here, Mother?
Wasn't David watching you?
[ASMODEUS' MOTHER]
Oh, I knocked him out
with my Charmed Lap Pillow
Ear Cleaning.
Down he goes.
David?!
[ASMODEUS' MOTHER]
Oh, so you're Iruma, then.
I'm Alice's mother
as well as the Thirteen Crowns'
Mistress of Seduction,
Amuryllis Asmodeus.
Just so you know, you're all
my Alice has been talking about.
I heard that you created
something neat
he called fireworks.
So, what kind of
seduction magic is it?
Stop that!
Oh, hey. Professor Raim
was your student, right?
Why don't we go say
hello to her? How about it?
I'll be right back, Iruma sir.
-[IRUMA] Okay.
-I'll see you soon, Iruma dear.
-Mother!
-[chuckles]
Don't use your wiles
on Master Iruma.
[IRUMA] Everyone's got unique
family circumstances, I guess.
But they are definitely more
themselves in front of family.
[indistinct chatter]
[inaudible dialogue]
[chatter continues]
Lucky them.
[gasps]
What snack would
you like, grandson?
Hey, Grandpa.
Wait, I thought
you'd be working. So how...
Not to worry.
I promised I'd be back
by Battler Presentation Day,
didn't I?
Come now. Let's go and enjoy
the festival together.
[gasps, chuckles]
[BOY]
Yes, I am the lord of everything
the light touches...
the missing
Demon King, Derkila.
Kneel before me!
[ALL gasp]
[IRUMA]
Whoa!
Woo-hoo! Way to go.
That was awesome, brother.
Good job, Sabnock.
You were really cool.
Is this your sister?
Yeah. I'm his little sis,
and my name is Sylvia.
He doesn't get to
come home very much,
so I'm happy to see him
whenever I do.
-[IRUMA] That's nice.
-You here alone, little one?
No, I came here
with my oldest brother.
But I lost him
in like two seconds.
You tell me now?!
We must track him down!
[IRUMA]
'Kay.
Heya, Iruma.
Destroy-the-target, huh?
Those fireworks were incredible.
I'm ashamed I found
your abilities lacking before.
Oh, don't be.
Play some games,
if you're up to it.
Wait, but I...
These metal targets
are pretty tough, though.
[ALL gasp]
[BOYS groan]
[grunts]
[IRUMA gasps]
[screams]
[grunting rapidly]
[GIRL]
We'll never financially recover.
[IRUMA]
I'm so sorry.
[WOMAN]
This is unacceptable.
An adult stealing prizes
from my kid?
-Who allows that?
-Uh-huh.
You'd better do
something about this.
I shall incarcerate them.
[gasps]
Please have mercy on me, sir!
Would you look at this?
[BOTH]
Huh?
[WOMAN]
Professor Kalego?
Well, what's gotten into him?
[GIRL cries]
♪
[ALL]
Hmm.
[ALL cheering]
♪
[DALI over PA]
Hello, everyone.
The Party Day is sadly
drawing to a close soon.
Have y'all had fun?
[ALL]
Yeah!
Funny. We really cleaned up
at the battler games.
Opera shows
no weakness or mercy.
You accepted gifts, too,
from students, if I recall.
Well, I am a popular man.
And it was my first time
participating, after all.
I wanted to look good
for my darling grandson.
Couldn't disappoint him.
[IRUMA]
Aah.
Well, well.
The whole Iruma family.
Just get a load of this.
My lazy sister couldn't make it
'cause she overslept.
And my brother?
He swiped my wallet
when I met him earlier.
[LEAD]
Man, Iruma. You're so lucky.
[JAZZ] Your family's
your pride and joy.
[gasps]
[sighs]
[chuckles]
You're right. Aren't they great?
[SULLIVAN]
He said "Pride and joy."
[giggles]
Come on, let's take
a picture together.
Okay, here we go. Now, smile.
[camera shutter clicks]
♪
[DALI over PA] Now, an important
announcement from HQ.
The results of the Battler Party
voting are tallied and final.
[ALL gasp]
In just a moment,
I'm going to announce them.
[groans uncomfortably]
[IRUMA]
Kiriwo, about that grand prize,
well, we should go for it.
[DALI] The Battler Party's
Indisputably
Most Valuable Battler is...
♪
Su... ki... ma!
-[IRUMA moaning softly]
Look at him.
Just sleeping like a baby.
[giggling]
[NARRATOR] Kiriwo messed
with the slumbering Iruma
for quite a while.
[KIRIWO] I didn't expect
Iruma to get in my way.
But just remember,
malice is hidden all around us.
And always be wary
of a demon's true nature.
Next time "Glorious Award,"
and "Treatment of Humans."
Man, those fireworks
sure were pretty.
The MagiApp Battler winning
Most Valuable Battler
might be within reach, Iruma.
♪